# Week 12 Implement class into mileage

# My idea of first starting would involve going into handleinput.js and making a new class there miles with the miles, gallons and price. If we need to export it to the other modules, then we can do that. I don't think we need to hide or encapsulate our objects or variables, but if we do, I can understand that. I imagine then that we can also call back our calculation code too, but outside the class.

# Since we imported our class into main.js, I know where we are looking. I figure we may put inside our evemtListener right where the mileage calculation is called. I just don't know if we can put the class into dataObj or if we can copy it over next to it.

# For me, a lot broke. I cleared out the local storage like you did and it gives me an error an empty array with no initial value. If I submit the numbers, it doesn't even render anything. It appears that anywhere that MY_DATA is associated with the old value of miles, gallons and price, the code is broken. MY_DATA cannot be defined. I think we need to go out and change all the instances it is mentioned and replace them with the underscored version.

# Isn't the reason we did not have methods is for simplicity? Also local storage renders the classes for our objects lost when it saves data. It did expand my idea of classes, and making sure you implement your objects across the board. Plus it taught me that it is best to determine if you want to implement classes like this early on. Overall, this one was kind of frustrating, but for an unrelated reason. After quite a while just scrambling as to what was breaking my code last, It was one misplaced line in render.js